changed feedback link (#6)
mutable/demo-app-launch-page: README.md

Demo Supscribtion stack
===

This is a subscription app stack meant to demonstrate microservices without `proxy-service` and the subscription to our newsletter.

## Overview

Backend services are built using `Hapi`, `Joi`, `Swagger` and `SendGrid` for subscription, and confirmation email.

Install all the dependencies by navigating into each service and running the `npm install` command.

Run the services through the Mutable app or via Terminal.

> In the browser naviaget to the port that listens to service-www. `localhost:${port}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the browser navigate to the port that is assigned to service-www. ex:`http://localhost:1234`
```
